Okay, okay, stop digging
Everything else is redundant
I'm playing for real
Specify that it doesn't depend on you
You took advantage of Brother Tiger in the cheap circle?
Is my brother still with me?
Interesting enough, thank you, Brother Tiger.
Oh me
Isn't this a buyer?
He wants to buy something nice.
I'm here to find you and show him
Okay, now that you're here
Just take a look.
A lady boss
There's another spiritual guy
And the underworld
Isn't this a place that sells Gu'er?
Don't talk nonsense
This tiger is a famous bronze king
Is it the handle of Hangzhou antiques?
Bitter grain
Do you know me?
You are rendering the three worlds and the three armies
Known as General Huang
I call his brother Huang Xiang his brother
Yellow shit you
You asked my brother to kneel down and call you dad, right?
Look, I'm not real, and you're done.
Hey, what's Brother Wang doing?
People are here for business
What's the matter later?
Okay, Brother Hu, I will only give you this face today.
kid
The knife is not sharp, the horse is too thin, what to do with me Haowen fight
I live at the end and stand here
You look like that stinky lazy dog, don't you?
Brother, since you are here, let's take a look.
Watch this.
Each one is an old guy just dug out of the pit
This tiger is a famous bronze king
This product is definitely fine.
Take your fancy and take it away
I don't want more
I only mention 20% of each piece.
But your product is new.